hey internet friends what is up it is
Sarah I'm here to talk to you today
about something that is a big part of my
photo video work but it is the way come
into US pro tablet I use a small one I
love it it is great for portability you
know I bring it wherever pretty much my
laptop goes it's a dream to work with
pictures but I was looking to buy one of
these I was kind of torn between the
small or medium tablet there's not a lot
of videos out there
comparing the tablet so that's what I'm
going to do today just right off the bat
here is the medium tablet and here is
the small tablet there's definitely a
solid difference and like I said I use a
small tablet it really lends to what I
do I don't do any fancy like digital art
or digital drawing digital painting etc
so the small one it gets the job done
it's great for editing photos and if
you're just a video editor you can
probably do without it but I love to
edit videos with it and it comes in
handy when you start doing After Effects
stuff when you start dealing with math
and you know using a pen tool
why did I get the small one I love the
size it fits perfectly into my laptop
bag wherever my laptop and goes usually
this tablet follows I have a decent size
desk but it is usually a little cramped
with my two monitors my keyboard and
stuff so the small tablet really fits
well in my desk set up the small one is
actually the Wacom Intuos Pro tablet and
the medium one is actually the into US v
the Intuos v came before the probe the
only big difference that I noticed in
between them are the little buttons and
the buttons on the Intuos v are like a
soft key and I found it kind of annoying
to press they're harder to press and on
the Intuos Pro they're like the hard
and I really like these keys better
that's pretty much the biggest
difference between the two you know the
sides obviously but this one is the pro
and this one is the Intuos five whatever
size you get you're gonna like it I love
these tablets I use them not just for
you know editing stuff but just for
everyday web searching you can apply the
same gestures that you have on your Mac
laptop to this tablet so you know if you
swipe to the left two fingers it'll go
back in your browser and if you use
three fingers swipe to the left or right
it changes spaces and so using it just
with your finger just like you would use
a laptop pad is like is that useful as
using the pin so I love using the pen
love using it as like a laptop pad it's
just a great tool and you should get one
if you want but yeah let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button I'm putting out videos every
single Tuesday now and I will put these
links to these and Intuos tablets in the
description below as long as my history
room link if you want to fall around
there so yeah hope you enjoyed the video
and have a great day guys I'll see you
the next one bye